chore(release): 1.5.0 (#1395)
aws/aws-rfdk: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. See [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) for commit guidelines.

## [1.5.0](https://github.com/aws/aws-rfdk/compare/v1.4.0...v1.5.0) (2024-12-05)

> Note that the default versions of DocumentDB and MongoDB have been updated. Make sure to backup your databases before updating to RFDK 1.5. See our documentation on [upgrading to RFDK 1.5](https://github.com/aws/aws-rfdk/blob/v1.5.0/packages/aws-rfdk/docs/upgrade/upgrading-1.5.md) for more information.

Reviewer: >Note that the default versions of DocumentDB and MongoDB have been updated.

Consider using active voice here, maybe "we updated the default versions of DocumentDB and MongoDB".

I wonder if we should move this to the "BREAKING CHANGES" section?  Or at least include some of this information there too?  See these past examples ([v1.0.0](https://github.com/aws/aws-rfdk/releases/tag/v1.0.0), [v0.40.0](https://github.com/aws/aws-rfdk/releases/tag/v0.40.0)) where we included a fair amount of detail and links to upgrade guides in the "BREAKING CHANGES" section itself.

### Supported CDK Version

* [2.163.0](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/releases/tag/v2.163.0)

### Officially Supported Deadline Versions

* [10.1.9.2 to 10.4.0.10](https://docs.thinkboxsoftware.com/products/deadline/10.4/1_User%20Manual/manual/release-notes.html)

### ⚠ BREAKING CHANGES

* Upgrades MongoDB version to 8.0 (#1392)

> * Upgrades DocumentDB version to 5.0.0 (#1364)

Reviewer: I understand that deployment will fail unless you manually upgrade your existing database?  We should probably call that out explicitly here.

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. See [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) for commit guidelines.

## [1.5.0](https://github.com/aws/aws-rfdk/compare/v1.4.0...v1.5.0) (2024-12-05)

### Supported CDK Version

* [2.163.0](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/releases/tag/v2.163.0)

### Officially Supported Deadline Versions

* [10.1.9.2 to 10.4.0.10](https://docs.thinkboxsoftware.com/products/deadline/10.4/1_User%20Manual/manual/release-notes.html)

> ### ⚠ BREAKING CHANGES

Reviewer 2: In the past, we put guidance on navigating breaking changes in the `packages/aws-rfdk/doc/upgrade` directory:

https://github.com/aws/aws-rfdk/tree/mainline/packages/aws-rfdk/docs/upgrade

We then link to that from the `CHANGELOG.md`, for example:

https://github.com/aws/aws-rfdk/blob/3130c67e61b636c1732edb4ee71eed64278de585/CHANGELOG.md?plain=1#L188-L190

Reviewer 3: I did have a line like that, but it was a few lines down. I've moved it up to the top of the breaking changes heading.

In this release, we updated the default versions of DocumentDB and MongoDB. Make sure to backup your databases before updating to RFDK 1.5.

> The default DocumentDB version was upgraded to 5.0.0 (#1364). Note that deployments will fail if you have existing stacks with previous DocumentDB versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We upgraded the default DocumentDB version to 5.0.0 ([#1364](https://github.com/aws/aws-rfdk/issues/1364)). Note that deployments will fail if you have existing stacks with previous DocumentDB versions, so you must [manually upgrade DocumentDB first](https://github.com/aws/aws-rfdk/blob/v1.5.0/packages/aws-rfdk/docs/upgrade/upgrading-1.5.md#updating-documentdb).
```

Nitpicks: changed to active voice, fixed link to issue that looked broken to me, and consider adding instructions here about what to do.

> The default MongODB version was upgraded to 8.0 (#1392). Note that deployments with an existing MongoDB version lower than 8.0 will not automatically upgrade to the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We upgraded the default MongoDB version to 8.0 ([#1392](https://github.com/aws/aws-rfdk/issues/1392)). Note that deployments with an existing MongoDB version lower than 8.0 will not automatically upgrade to the new version.
```

Nitpicks: changed to active voice, "MongODB" -> "MongoDB", and fixed link to issue that looked broken to me
